	LIMITED PROGRAM SOURCE CODE LICENSE
	RADIANT - LEVEL EDITOR AND TOOLS

This Limited Program Source Code License · Radiant Level Editor (this 
"Agreement") is between Id Software, Inc. ("Id Software") and you, the end-user 
(the "Licensee" or "You") and is made effective beginning on the date on which 
you, the Licensee, first download, install, load or otherwise use the computer 
software code which accompanies this Agreement (the "Authorized Copy").  BY 
DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, LOADING OR OTHERWISE USING THE AUTHORIZED COPY, YOU, 
THE LICENSEE, AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  YOU 
SHOULD READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, LOADING OR 
OTHERWISE USING THE AUTHORIZED COPY.

1.	Grant of Rights.  The "Authorized Copy" shall generally refer to certain 
computer software program source codes commonly known as Q3 RADIANT, Q3 MAP, Q3 
ASM, and Q3 DATA and shall also generally refer to the compiled version of the 
computer software program known as the Video Compiler.  Subject to your 
agreement to, and full compliance with, the terms and provisions of this 
Agreement, and subject to your prior agreement to be bound by the terms and 
provisions of the LIMITED USE SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT which accompanies the 
full version of the software game entitled QUAKE III ARENA (the "QUAKE III 
License") and your full compliance with the QUAKE III License, Id Software 
hereby grants to Licensee and Licensee hereby accepts, a limited and 
non-exclusive right during the Term, as defined below, to: (i) use the 
Authorized Copy for your creation of your own modifications which shall operate 
only with the full version of QUAKE III ARENA or QUAKE III: TEAM ARENA  (the 
"Games"), but not any demo, test or other version of the Games, such 
modifications referred to in the QUAKE III License, and herein, as "New 
Creations"; (ii) to make modifications to the Authorized Copy (your 
"Modifications") for use in your creation of your own New Creations; (iii) 
incorporate all or a portion of the Authorized Copy within your own New 
Creations; and (iv) distribute, free of charge and at no cost, copies of the 
Authorized Copy, so long as this Agreement accompanies each copy you make of the 
Authorized Copy; provided, however, that the recipient of the Authorized Copy 
must agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and the QUAKE III License 
and that all such distribution of copies of the Authorized Copy must be by 
electronic means only.  You must refer to the QUAKE III License in determining 
your limited rights as to any New Creations which you may create.

2.	Reservation of Rights and Prohibitions.  Id Software expressly reserves 
all rights not granted in this Agreement.  You are not receiving any right or 
license hereunder to copy, display, or make any other use of the Games, or any 
element thereof, the trademark QUAKE III ARNEA or any other trademark of Id 
Software, or the Id Software name.  Any use by Licensee of the Authorized Copy 
not expressly permitted in Section 1. above is expressly prohibited and any such 
unauthorized use shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement by 
Licensee.  Any distribution of your Modifications must be by electronic means 
only.  You shall not create any Modifications which infringe against any third 
party right or which are libelous, defamatory, obscene, false, misleading or 
otherwise illegal or unlawful.  You shall not rent, sell, lease, lend, offer on 
a pay-for-play basis or otherwise commercially exploit or commercially 
distribute the Authorized Copy or your Modifications.  You shall not copy, 
distribute, or make other use of the Authorized Copy or your Modifications in 
any infringing manner or in any manner which violates any law or third party 
right and you shall not distribute or include with the Authorized Copy or your 
Modifications any material which infringes against any third party right or 
which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, false, misleading or otherwise illegal 
or unlawful.  You shall conspicuously mark or label your New Creations and your 
Modifications as your own creations and shall not mark or label either of them, 
in any manner, as the creation of Id Software.  Licensee shall not copy, 
reproduce, manufacture or distribute (free of charge or otherwise) the 
Authorized Copy or your Modifications, in whole or in part, in any tangible 
media, including, without limitation, a CD ROM.  Licensee shall not alter or 
remove any legal notices, such as trademark and copyright notices, affixed by Id 
Software on or within the Authorized Copy.  Licensee agrees that the Authorized 
Copy and your Modifications will not be shipped, transferred or exported into 
any country in violation of the U.S. Export Administration Act (or any other law 
governing such matters) by Licensee or anyone at Licensee’s direction and that 
Licensee will not utilize and will not authorize anyone to utilize, in any 
manner, the Authorized Copy or your Modifications in violation of any applicable 
law.  The Authorized Copy and your Modifications shall not be downloaded or 
otherwise exported or re-exported into (or to a national or resident of) any 
country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods or to anyone or into any country 
who/which are prohibited, by applicable law, from receiving such property.  In 
exercising Licensee’s limited rights hereunder, Licensee shall comply with all 
applicable laws, regulations, ordinances, and statutes.

3.	Intellectual Property Rights.  The Authorized Copy and all copyrights, 
trademarks, and all other conceivable intellectual property rights related 
thereto are owned by Id Software and are protected by United States copyright 
laws and other applicable law.  Licensee must treat the Authorized Copy like any 
other copyrighted material, as required by 17 U.S.C. §101, et. seq. and other 
applicable law.  You agree to use your best efforts to ensure that any recipient 
of the Authorized Copy fully complies with this Agreement.  Licensee shall have 
no ownership or intellectual property rights in or to the Games or the 
Authorized Copy, including, without limitation, all copyrights related thereto.  
Licensee agrees that Licensee, by this Agreement, is only receiving a copy of 
the Authorized Copy by limited license only, and not by sale, and that the 
"first sale" doctrine of 17 U.S.C. §109 does not apply to your receipt or use of 
the Authorized Copy.

4.	Term and Termination.  The term of this Agreement and the license 
granted herein begins on the date on which you first download, install, load or 
otherwise use the Authorized Copy and shall expire, without notice to you or any 
other notice, on December 31, 2005, unless this Agreement and the license 
granted herein are terminated earlier as provided herein (the "Term").  
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN, THIS AGREEMENT AND THE LICENSE 
GRANTED TO YOU HEREIN SHALL IMMEDIATELY TERMINATE, WITHOUT THE REQUIREMENT OF 
ANY NOTICE FROM ID SOFTWARE TO LICENSEE, UPON LICENSEE’S FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH 
OR BREACH OF ANY TERM OR PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE QUAKE III LICENSE.  
Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement or your QUAKE III License, 
any and all rights of Licensee hereunder shall terminate without prejudice to 
any rights or claims Id Software may have, Licensee shall have no right to use 
the Authorized Copy or your Modifications in any manner, Licensee shall 
immediately destroy all copies of the Authorized Copy or your Modifications in 
your possession, custody or control, and all rights granted hereunder shall 
revert, without notice, to and be vested in Id Software.  Termination or 
expiration of this Agreement shall not create any liability against Id Software 
and shall not relieve Licensee from any liability which arises prior to 
termination or expiration.

5.	Indemnification.  Licensee hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold 
harmless Id Software and Id Software's successors, assigns, officers, directors, 
employees, agents, representatives and licensees (but not including Licensee) 
from and against all damages, claims, losses, causes of action and lawsuits 
arising from and/or relating to a breach of this Agreement by Licensee and/or 
Licensee's distribution or other use or non-use of the Authorized Copy or your 
Modifications.

6.	Limitation of Liability.  IN ANY CASE, ID SOFTWARE AND ID SOFTWARE’S 
OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, AGENTS, LICENSEES, 
SUBLICENSEES, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE FOR LOSS OF 
DATA, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, ACTUAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, 
INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES ARISING FROM ANY ALLEGED 
CLAIM FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY, BREACH OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT PRODUCT 
LIABILITY, OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF ID SOFTWARE OR ITS AGENTS HAVE BEEN 
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR RECEIVES NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY 
OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES OR EVEN IF SUCH DAMAGES ARE FORESEEABLE, OR LIABLE FOR ANY 
CLAIM BY ANY OTHER PARTY.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR 
LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR 
EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO LICENSEE.  THIS SECTION 6 SHALL SURVIVE CANCELLATION, 
EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT.

7.	Disclaimer of Warranties.  ID SOFTWARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL 
WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH 
REGARD TO THE AUTHORIZED COPY, AND OTHERWISE.  THE AUTHORIZED COPY IS PROVIDED 
"AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY.  ID SOFTWARE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE AUTHORIZED 
COPY OR THE OPERATION THEREOF WILL BE ERROR FREE OR THAT THE AUTHORIZED COPY 
WILL MEET LICENSEE’S SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS.  ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS, WHETHER ORAL 
OR WRITTEN, DO NOT CONSTITUTE WARRANTIES BY ID SOFTWARE AND SHOULD NOT BE RELIED 
UPON.  THIS SECTION 7 SHALL SURVIVE CANCELLATION, EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION OF 
THIS AGREEMENT.

8.	Governing Law, Venue and Remedies.  This Agreement shall be construed in 
accordance with the applicable laws of the State of Texas and applicable United 
States federal law.  Exclusive venue for all litigation regarding this Agreement 
shall be in Dallas County, Texas, and you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of 
the federal and state courts in Dallas County, Texas, for any such litigation.  
In the event of a breach of this Agreement by Id Software, Licensee's sole 
remedy shall be to terminate this Agreement by delivering written notice of 
termination to Id Software.  In the event of a breach by Licensee of this 
Agreement, Id Software may pursue all remedies to which Id Software is entitled 
under applicable law and/or this Agreement.  Licensee agrees that Licensee's 
unauthorized use of the Authorized Copy, or any part thereof, may immediately 
and irreparably damage Id Software such that Id Software could not be adequately 
compensated by a monetary award, and in such event, and at Id Software’s option, 
Id Software shall be entitled to an injunctive order, in addition to all other 
remedies available including a monetary award, to prohibit such unauthorized 
use, without the necessity of Id Software posting bond or other security.  
Failure of Id Software to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not 
constitute or be construed as a waiver of such provision or of the right to 
enforce such provision.  In the event of litigation relating to this Agreement, 
the prevailing litigant shall be entitled to recover the prevailing litigant’s 
attorneys’ fees and expenses and costs of court in addition to all other relief 
available under this Agreement and/or applicable law.

9.	Licensee's Warranties.  Licensee warrants and represents that:   (i) 
Licensee has full legal rights and authority to enter into and become bound by 
the terms of this Agreement; (ii) Licensee has full legal rights and authority 
to exercise Licensee’s rights granted herein and to comply with Licensee’s 
obligations hereunder; and (iii) Licensee will comply, at all times during the 
Term, with all applicable laws, as set forth hereinabove.

10.	U.S. Government Restricted Rights.  To the extent applicable, the United 
States Government shall only have those rights to use the Authorized Copy as 
expressly stated and expressly limited and restricted in this Agreement, as 
provided in 48 C.F.R. §§ 227.7201 through 227.7204, inclusive.

11.	General Provisions.  This Agreement does not constitute and shall not be 
construed as constituting a partnership or joint venture between Id Software and 
Licensee.  Neither party hereto shall have any right to obligate or bind the 
other party in any manner whatsoever, and nothing herein contained shall give, 
or is intended to give, any rights of any kind to any third persons.  This 
Agreement, along with the QUAKE III License, constitutes the entire 
understanding between Licensee and Id Software regarding the subject matter 
hereof.  If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be unenforceable by 
a court of competent jurisdiction, you agree to a modification of such provision 
to provide for enforcement of the intent of the parties hereto regarding such 
provision, to the extent permitted by applicable law.  Except as noted herein in 
regard to the QUAKE III License, no prior or present agreements or 
representations between the parties hereto regarding the subject matter hereof 
shall be binding upon the parties hereto unless incorporated in this Agreement.  
No modification or change in this Agreement shall be valid or binding upon the 
parties hereto unless in writing and executed by the parties to be bound 
thereby.  This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of Id Software, its 
successors and assigns, and Id Software may assign its rights hereunder, in Id 
Software's sole discretion.  This Agreement is personal to Licensee, and 
Licensee shall not sublicense, assign, transfer, convey nor franchise its rights 
granted hereunder.


LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES LICENSEE HAS PREVIOUSLY ACCEPTED AND ENTERED INTO THE 
QUAKE III LICENSE, THAT LICENSEE HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT, THAT LICENSEE 
UNDERSTANDS THIS AGREEMENT, AND UNDERSTANDS THAT BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, 
LOADING OR OTHERWISE USING THE AUTHORIZED COPY, LICENSEE AGREES TO BE BOUND BY 
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  EXCEPT FOR WRITTEN SEPARATE 
AGREEMENTS BETWEEN ID SOFTWARE AND LICENSEE, IF ANY, THIS AGREEMENT IS A 
COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF THE RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES OF THE PARTIES 
HERETO.  THIS AGREEMENT SUPERCEDES ALL PRIOR ORAL AGREEMENTS, PROPOSALS OR 
UNDERSTANDINGS, AND ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN ID SOFTWARE AND LICENSEE, 
IF ANY, RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT, EXCEPT THE QUAKE III 
LICENSE WHICH LICENSEE HAS ACCEPTED AND ENTERED INTO, AS ACKNOWLEDGED ABOVE